I should have known that you would be here, Professor McGonagall.
I'm afraid so, Professor.
The good, and the bad.
Hagrid is bringing him.
Ah, Professor, I would trust Hagrid with my life.
No problems, I trust, Hagrid?
The only family he has.
Exactly.
He's far better off growing up away from all of that.
Until he is ready.
There there, Hagrid.
It's not really goodbye, after all.
Good luck, Harry Potter.
I have a few start of term notices I wish to announce.
The first years please note that the Dark Forest is strictly forbidden to all students.
Also, our caretaker, Mr. Filch has asked me to remind you that the third floor corridor on the right hand side is out of bounds to everyone who does not wish to die a most painful death.
Thank you.
Let the feast begin.
SILENCE!!!
Everyone will please, not panic.
Back again, Harry?
I see that you, like so many before you have discovered the delights of the Mirror of Erised.
I trust by now you realise what it does.
Let me give you a clue.
The happiest man on earth would look into the mirror and see only himself, exactly as he is.
Yesand no.
It shows us nothing more or less than the deepest most desperate desires of our hearts.
Now you, who have never known your family, you see them standing beside you.
But remember this, Harry.
This mirror gives us neither knowledge or truth.
Men have wasted away in front of it, even gone mad.
That is why tomorrow it will be moved to a new home, and I must ask you not to go looking for it again.
It does not do to dwell on dreams, Harry, and forget to live.
Good afternoon, Harry.
Tokens from your admirers?
What happened down in the dungeons beterrn you and Professor Quirrell is a complete secret.
So naturally the whole school knows.
I see that your friend Ronald has saved you the trouble of opening your chocolate frogs.
Fine.
They're both just fine.
Relax, dear boy.
The Stone has been destroyed.
My friend Nicholas and I have had a little chat, and agreed it was best all around.
He has enough Elixir to set his affairs in order.
But yes, he will die.
Ah.
You see, only a person who wanted to find the Stone, but not use it, would be able to get it.
That is one of my more brilliant ideas.
And between you and me that is saying something.
Ah, I'm afraid there are ways in which he can return.
Harry, do you know why Professor Quirrell couldn't bear to have you touch him?
It was because of your mother.
She sacrificed herself for you, and that kind of act leaves a mark.
No, no, this kind of mark cannot be seen.
It lives in your very skin.
Love, Harry, love.
Ah.
Bertie Bott's Every Flavour Beans.
I was most unfortunate in my youth to come across a vomit flavoured one, and since then I'm afraid I have lost my liking for them.
But I think I could be safe with a nice toffee Mm Alas.
Earwax.
Another year, gone!
And now, as I understand it, the house cup needs awarded and the points stand thus.
In fourth place, Gryffindor, with 312 points!
In third place, Hufflepuff, with 352 points!
Second, Ravenclaw, with 426 points!And in first place, with 472 points, Slytherin house!Yes, well done Slytherin, well done Slytherin.
However, recent events must be taken into account and I have a few last minute points to award.
To Miss Hermione Granger, for the cool use of intellect while others were in grave peril, fifty points!Second, to Mr. Ronald Weasley, for the best played game of chess that Hogwarts has seen these many years, fifty points!
And third, to Mr. Harry Potter, for pure love and outstanding courage, I award Gryffindor house, sixty points!
And finally, it takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to your enemies, but a great deal more to stand up to your friends.
I award ten points to Neville Longbottom!
Assuming my calculations are correct, I believe that a change of decoration is in order!
Gryffindor wins the House Cup!
They are not.
I am well aware of our bylaws, Severus, having written quite a few of them myself.
However, as head of Gryffindor house, it is for Professor McGonagall to determine the appropriate action.
Argus!
Argus!
I Everyone will proceed to their dormitories immediately.
Everyone except you three.
She's not dead Argus.
She has been petrified.
But how she has been petrified, I cannot say.
Innocent until proven guilty, Severus.
We will be able to cure her, Argus.
As I understand it, Madame Sprout has a very healthy growth of Mandrakes.
When matured, a potion will be made which will revive Mrs. Norris.
And in the meantime, I strongly recommend caution to all.
There's been another attack.
It means that our students are in great danger.
The truth.
Tell them Hogwarts is no longer safe.
It is as we feared, Minerva.
The Chamber of Secrets has indeed been opened again.
Harry?
Oh, and about time too.
He's been looking dreadful for days.
Pity you had to see him on a burning day.
Fawkes is a phoenix, Harry.
They burst into flames when it is time for them to die, and then they are reborn from the ashes.
Ah, fascinating creatures, phoenixes.
They can carry immensely heavy loads, and their tears have healing powers.
Hagrid.
Hagrid!
Relax.
I do not believe that Harry attacked anyone.
Yes.
No, Harry.
I do not think it was you
But I must ask you, is there something you wish to tell me?
Very well, then.
Off you go.
Riddle!
Come.
It is not wise to be wandering around at this late hour, Tom.
I'm afraid they are, Tom.
They are true.
I understand, Tom.
But I'm afraid Headmaster Dippet may have no choice.
Is there something you wish to tell me?
Very well, then.
Off you go.
Good evening, Hagrid.
I wonder, could we?
I want it understood, Cornelius, that Hagrid has my full confidence.
Well, what exactly is it that you want with me?
Calm yourself, Hagrid.
If the governors desire my removal, I will, of course, step aside.
However, you will find that help will always be given at Hogwarts to those who ask for it.
You both realise, of course, that in the past few hours you have broken perhaps a dozen school rules?
And there is sufficient evidence to have you both expelled.
Therefore, it is only fitting that you both receive Special Awards for Services to the school.
And now, Mr. Weasley, if you would, have an owl deliver these release papers to Azkaban?
I believe we-
we want our gamekeeper back.
Harry first, I want to thank you, Harry.
You must have shown me real loyalty down in the Chamber.
Nothing but that could have called Fawkes to you.
And, um... second, I sense something is troubling you.
Am I right, Harry?
I see.
Well, you can speak Parseltongue, Harry.
Why?
Because Lord Voldemort can speak Parseltongue.
If I'm not mistaken, Harry, he transferred some of his powers to you the night he gave you that scar.
Not intentionally, but yes.
It's true, Harry.
You possess many of the qualities that Voldemort himself prizes.
Determination, resourcefulness, and if I may say so, a certain disregard for the rules.
Why then, did the Sorting Hat place you in Gryffindor?
Exactly, Harry! Exactly!
Which makes you different from Voldemort.
It is not our abilities that show what we truly are.
It is our choices.
If you want proof why you belong in Gryffindor, then I suggest that you look more closely at this.
Be careful.
Ah, it would take a true Gryffindor to pull that out of the hat.
When the governors learned that Arthur Weasley's daughter was taken into the Chamber, they saw fit to summon me back.
Curiously, Lucius, several of them were under the impression that you would curse their families, if they did not agree to suspend me in the first place.
I beg your pardon?
Oh, yes.
Voldemort.
Only, this time, he chose to act through somebody else, by means of this.
Fortunately, our young Mr. Potter discovered it.
One hopes that no more of Lord Voldemort's old school things should find their way into innocent hands.
The consequences for the one responsible would be severe.
Before we begin the feast, let us have a round of applause for Professor Sprout and Madame Pomfrey, whose Mandrake juice has been so successfully administered to all who had been petrified.
Also, in light of the recent events, as a school treat, all exams have been cancelled!
