Use the boy.
He lies.
Let me speak to him.
I have strength enough for this.
Harry Potter, we meet again.
Yes, you see what I've become?
See what I must do to survive?
Live off another, a mere parasite.
Unicorn blood can sustain me, but it cannot give me a body of my own.
But there is something that can.
Something that, conveniently enough, lies in your pocket.
Stop him!
Don't be a fool.
Why suffer an horrific death, when you can join me, and live.
Haha.
Bravery.
Your parents had it too.
Tell me, Harry, would you like to see your mother and father again, together?
We can bring them back.
All I ask is for something in return.
That's it, Harry.
There is no good and evil, there is only power, and those too weak to see it.
Together, we'll do extraordinary things.
Just give me the stone.
Kill him!
Fool!
Get the stone!
Professor Dumbledore.
Yes, Professor.
I-I suppose I had to see for myself if the rumours were true.
About the school, as well?
I don't have a home to go to.
They wouldn't really close Hogwarts, would they Professor?
Sir-
if it all stopped- if the person responsible was caught-
No, sir.
Nothing.
Good night, sir.
Evening, Hagrid.
I'm going to have to turn you in, Hagrid.
I don't think you meant it to kill anyone, but- The dead girl's parents will be here tomorrow.
The least Hogwarts can do is make sure the thing that killed their daughter is slaughtered.
Monsters don't make good pets, Hagrid.
Now, stand aside.
Stand aside, Hagrid!
Cistem aperio!
Arania exumai!
I can't let you go.
They'll have your wand for this, Hagrid.
You'll be expelled.
She won't wake.
She's still alive, but only just.
A memory, preserved in a diary for fifty years.
It won't come until it's called.
You won't be needing it.
I'm afraid I can't do that, Harry.
You see, as poor Ginny grows weaker, I grow stronger.
Yes Harry, it was Ginny Weasley who opened the Chamber of Secrets.
It was Ginny who set the basilisk on the Mudbloods and Filch's cat, Ginny who wrote the threatening messages on the walls.
Because I told her to.
You'll find that I can be very persuasive.
Not that she knew what she was doing.
She was, shall we say, in a kind of trance.
Still, the power of the diary began to scare her.
And she tried to dispose of it in the girl's bathroom.
And then, who should find it, but you?
The very person I was most anxious to meet.
I knew I had to talk to you, meet you if I could.
So I decided to show you my capture of that brainless oaf, Hagrid, to gain your trust.
It was my word against Hagrid's.
Only Dumbledore seemed to think he was innocent.
He certainly kept an annoyingly close watch on me after that.
I knew it wouldn't be safe to open the Chamber again while I was still at school, so I decided to leave behind a diary preserving my sixteen-year-old self in its pages, so that one day I would be able to lead another to finish Salazar Slytherin's noble work.
Haven't I told you?
Killing Mudbloods doesn't matter to me anymore.
For many months now, my new target has been you.
How is it that a baby, with no extraordinary magical talent, was able to defeat the greatest wizard of all time?
How did you escape with nothing but a scar, while Lord Voldemort's powers were destroyed?
Voldemort is my past, present, and future.
Surely, you didn't think I was going to keep my filthy Muggle father's name?
No.
I fashioned a new name, a name I knew wizards everywhere would one day fear to speak, when I became the greatest sorcerer in the world.
Dumbledore's been driven out of this castle by the mere memory of me!
So, this is what Dumbledore sends his great defender.
A songbird and an old hat.
Shearhas samnathas selithaine.
Let's match the power of Lord Voldemort, Heir of Salazar Slytherin, against the famous Harry Potter.
Sethae- This.
Parseltongue won't save you now, Potter!
It only obeys me!
No!
Your bird may have blinded the basilisk, but it can still hear you!
Yes, Potter, the process is nearly complete.
In a few minutes Ginny will be dead, and I will cease to be a memory.
Lord Voldemort will return, very much alive!
Remarkable, isn't it, how quickly the venom of the basilisk penetrates the body?
I'd guess you have little more than a minute to live.
You'll be with your dear Mudblood mother soon, Harry.
Funny, the damage a silly little book can do, especially in the hands of a silly, little girl.
What are you doing?
Stop!
No!
Ahhhhh!
Ahhhhhh!
